Imperial City Night Market continues to rank as the richest man in the building
It is reported that
Night market control building nearly 100 listed groups
The market value reaches a trillion
Homepage I lived up to your expectations for me
I finally became the richest man in the building
The only regret is the loss of our son
If he were still alive
Should be married
fifth brother
Bring it up.
That year
It's time to get to know today
Today is the anniversary of godmother's death
If it weren't for the education of godmothers and godfathers back then
I'm sure I'll be tortured to death by you too
And Gambatar
It's because you miss you so much
end of depression
And so on.
In fact, the little boy was still alive
How is that possible?
You sold all the kidnapped children
What else is there to live in a place where organs are sold?
The surgery was still the same
Suddenly, a mysterious old man appeared
Right in southern Xinjiang
Black Bear Boy is with us
Great, the sky has eyes
Do you hear smoke?
Our son is still alive
Brother Liu, I leave this all to you
You can mobilize all the resources of the Ye family
Must find
My son is the godfather
Although I am just your goddaughter
But I have always regarded myself as the daughter-in-law of the Ye family
Just do your best to find
I will find him
This time you go in the name of cooperation
Not easy to make a big splash
To avoid being made by some people
Yes